Hello, I am Kim Jeong Ah, a nurse practitioner
working at Eminent
Hospice Care.
Today, I will talk about the services provided by
hospice.
Hospice is a service provided by Medicare according
to the Medicare Hospice
Benefit.
On screen: Medicare Hospice Benefit information.
Please go to the address on
the screen to see the most accurate and detailed
information.
I will talk only about the most general situations
among them.
If you do not have Medicare, you can apply for
hospice through
Medi-Cal or private insurance.
Benefits differ a little by insurance, so you need
to check your
insurance benefits.
In general, every insurance follows the Medicare
Hospice Benefit guidelines.
On screen: Medicare Hospice Core Services. First, I
will talk about Medicare
hospice core services.
Hospice care core services are the services Medicare
requires hospice to provide.
They are doctor, nurse, social worker, spiritual
counselor, and chaplain services.
So each patient must be cared for by these four
staff members.
The remaining visiting staff are optional services a
hospice company may provide
depending on the patient's needs.
On screen: Medical doctor. First, I will talk about
physicians.
A hospice patient has two doctors: the patient's
original attending physician and
the hospice physician.
So all medications and treatments provided to a
hospice patient are ordered
by the attending physician or the hospice doctor.
When a patient starts hospice, in many cases the
original attending physician
steps back and lets the hospice physician see the
patient.
Depending on the attending physician's opinion, or
at the patient's or family's
request, the original attending physician can
continue caring for the patient.
The doctor receives reports from the nurse about the
patient's current symptoms
and orders medications and treatment methods.
After death, the doctor is involved in writing the
death certificate.
At the six-month point, a doctor or nurse
practitioner usually visits in
person or by phone
to decide whether it is appropriate for the patient
to continue receiving
hospice services.
On screen: Nurse, RN or LVN service. Next is the
nurse service.
Depending on the patient's condition, nurses visit
once or twice a week,
or whenever the patient urgently needs a visit.
They check whether the patient's current symptoms
are being managed well.
An RN is required to visit at least once every two
weeks.
The nurse monitors the patient's symptoms and
continuously follows whether the current
nursing and treatment plans are managing those
symptoms well.
If needed, the nurse educates caregivers, reports to
the doctor, and helps
stop medications or adjust medications that should
be added.
The nurse also refills the patient's current
medications, supplies, or medical equipment
and helps provide additional items the patient
needs.
One question families often ask is, 'How long does
the nurse stay
when the nurse comes?'
On the nurse's first visit, the nurse looks at every
part of
the patient and reviews the medications.
Because the nurse must understand many things,
including the caregiving family's environment,
the first visit takes a long time.
After the first visit, you can think of most regular
visits as
taking around thirty minutes.
If there are many things that need to be done for
the
patient,
in other words, if the patient has many
uncomfortable symptoms, the visit
can take longer.
I would like to briefly give examples of common
symptoms hospice patients
often experience.
They include pain, constipation, nausea, vomiting,
poor appetite, shortness of breath, infection,
and pressure sores.
One of the many reasons Korean patients receive
hospice
is dementia.
Some dementia patients do not have these symptoms,
and some may have only one or two of them.
Or, depending on a specific disease, certain
symptoms may become worse.
For cancer patients, all of the symptoms listed
above may appear.
All the symptoms I mentioned above are symptoms
hospice helps manage.
So if you meet an experienced nurse, or meet a good
hospice,
you can receive better care.
They can quickly catch what the patient needs,
and among nurses, there are nurses who truly care
for patients with
attention and love.
Regardless of knowledge alone, there are nurses who
want to do anything
more when a patient is suffering.
Then, in the process of trying to resolve the
symptoms the patient
has,
they find methods, and I have often seen good
results.
For one extreme example, there was a patient with
colon cancer.
When that patient started hospice, the patient had
pain, poor appetite, nausea,
vomiting, and constipation.
At first, we adjusted constipation medication step
by step, and the constipation
was relieved.
Only the constipation was relieved,
but the other symptoms also improved dramatically.
The patient became much more comfortable than when
first admitted
and later passed peacefully at the end of life.
In fact, not only colon cancer patients, but many
hospice patients suffer
from constipation.
Older patients eat less and cannot drink water well.
They are often lying down.
When they take this medicine and that medicine,
especially narcotic pain medication,
constipation often occurs.
So I tell our nurses,
during patient visits, even if it is difficult,
always check whether stool
is impacted
by inserting a finger into the anus and confirming
it.
If constipation symptoms improve,
many other symptoms are also likely to improve.
On screen: Social worker service. Now I will talk
about the social
worker.
The social worker provides emotional support
and provides and discusses information about social
welfare services such as Medicare
and Medi-Cal.
For example, in California,
they help with applications for Medi-Cal, body
donation, IHSS,
free meal services, and similar services.
On screen: Spiritual counselor or chaplain service.
Next I will talk about the spiritual counselor.
This is called a spiritual counselor, and it is
usually handled by
a pastor or chaplain.
They visit once a month, or visit regularly,
and counsel and care for the spiritual difficulties
patients and families are
experiencing.
Many families like our pastor,
so sometimes they ask us to send the pastor more
often instead
of the nurse.
Bereavement care service for families after death
is also handled by the spiritual counselor.
After the patient's death,
the spiritual counselor cares for and comforts the
grief experienced by the
bereaved family,
and helps support them through a difficult time.
We also provide a service that sends letters for one
year.
The four services I have discussed so far
are the hospice core services set by Medicare.
On screen: Optional services. Next, examples of
other optional services are the
bath aide and volunteer.
A bath aide usually visits once or twice a week and
provides
bathing services.
For volunteers, if a family wants it, we can send
someone once
or twice a week for one or two hours.
They keep lonely patients company or help tired
family caregivers take a
short rest.
Next are additional services hospice provides that
are not care-staff visits.
On screen: Medications and medical equipment.
Hospice provides medications and medical equipment.
Hospice provides the medications patients need and
the treatment supplies needed for
care.
For example, for pressure-sore treatment, hospice
provides gauze, saline, and ointment.
For patients who toilet in bed, hospice provides
incontinence supplies, diapers, chux,
wipes, gloves, and similar items.
For patients who cannot eat well, hospice provides
Ensure or Glucerna to
help supplement nutrition.
On screen: Medical equipment service. Next is
medical equipment, sent so the
patient can be comfortable and the family can care
for the patient
more easily.
Hospital beds, overbed tables, air-pressure
mattresses, wheelchairs, walkers, oxygen supplies, suction machines,
nebulizers, and other items are sent through the
hospice rental company according
to the patient's needs.
Usually, without hospice, receiving medical
equipment requires a doctor's signature, paperwork, and
other complicated steps, but hospice patients can
receive items simply without that
complicated process.
A hospital bed is especially helpful to the patient,
and it is
also helpful to the family caring for the patient.
Sometimes people dislike hospital beds, but hospital
beds can be adjusted up
and down.
Because the head can be raised, we recommend a
hospital bed when
patients have shortness of breath, poor digestion,
or need to eat in
bed.
On screen: Hospice on-call service. Finally, I want
to talk about the
hospice on-call service.
It is called emergency triage service; in Korean, it
is a standby
or waiting service.
Hospice is called a 24/7 service, meaning someone is
waiting and answering
calls twenty-four hours a day.
At our company, office hours are from nine to five,
and after
that Arin answers calls and explains emergency
measures.
When we receive a call from family or facility staff
about an
emergency, we instruct them on how to respond.
Hospice patients often already have medications or
equipment prepared for emergency situations.
If the situation cannot be handled by phone, a
hospice staff member
visits the patient directly and provides the needed
care.
Even when it is not an emergency, families can call
to ask
about medication refills or care questions.
Personally, this twenty-four-hour on-call standby
service is one of the hardest parts
of being a hospice nurse, but it is truly useful for
patients
and families.
That is because an emergency can happen to the
patient at any
time.
A patient may pass away at ten at night or three in
the morning, and we visit, pronounce death, and take
the necessary POLST-death
steps.
Because most families are experiencing a death for
the first time, simply
having hospice staff with them after death helps
greatly.
The family feels reassured, the death and later
procedures are completed smoothly,
and they become satisfied with hospice service.
In our hospice, many patients are in nursing homes
or care facilities,
and we often hear that people like that our company
answers the
phone well.
Many hospice companies use an answering service
company.
Then, after office hours, when a patient or family
calls the hospice
company, the answering service company receives the
call and message.
When that message is passed to hospice on-call, the
on-call hospice nurse
judges the situation and calls back.
Korean patients and families often struggle because
they must leave a message
in English and wait for the call back during an
urgent situation.
At our company, Arin, who speaks English and Korean,
answers the phone,
so communication is convenient and fast, and patient
and family satisfaction is
very high.
Thank you, everyone, for watching this video.
What I talked about today is the general case.
Depending on the patient's and family's situation,
and depending on where the
patient is staying, the services provided may vary
little by little.
Those watching this video may be family members
directly caring for a
hospice patient, or nurses and medical professionals
interested in hospice.
Hospice is holistic care, whole-person nursing.
It provides care not only for the patient's
symptoms, but also for
the physical, mental, spiritual, and surrounding
environment, together with the family.
We believe we are doing precious work by protecting
the final moments
of one life.
Thank you for your hard work in 2024.
Happy New Year in 2025.
Thank you.